Add documentation on proxy support (#609)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/mobile/push-notifications/service.md

    WantedBy=multi-user.target" >> /etc/systemd/system/mattermost-push-proxy.service
    ```

>     If you would like to route the traffic through a separate proxy server, please add the line `Environment="HTTP_PROXY=<http://server>"` under the `[Service]` section of the file. If you have an HTTPS server, please change it to `HTTPS_PROXY`. Setting both will have `HTTPS_PROXY` take higher priority than `HTTP_PROXY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To route the traffic through a separate proxy server, add `Environment="HTTP_PROXY=<http://server>"` under the `[Service]` section of the file. If you have an HTTPS server, then use `HTTPS_PROXY`. If you set both then `HTTPS_PROXY` will take higher priority than `HTTP_PROXY`.
```
